[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> The flow state--
most define this powerful
feeling as being "in the zone,"
fully connected to
the present moment.
When humans reach
this state of oneness,
that allows the
power of the universe
to flow freely through
us, to animate us,
to guide and inspire us, to
share our unique gifts with all
on this planet.
The question remains--
is this flow state
a form of channeling?
>> That connection with what's
arising in the moment allows us
to drop out of the finite
sense of self and more
into the universal self.
And that's why everyone
describes the flow state
as a state of bliss
and joy and freedom.
It feels like, one is the
most alive in a flow state.
>> What people sometimes call
flow state or inspiration,
I refer to as enthusiasm.
I think, enthusiasm, although
we hear that term all the time,
has mysterious qualities.
I find that when I'm
experiencing enthusiasm
at my back, I can write for
eight hours at a stretch.
I can sit down on a
sofa with my laptop
and the hours just melt away.
>> When I write, because I
love to write and I'm called
to write, it just
comes through me.
So whether you call it automatic
writing or I'm in the flow,
I'm in the zone, they're
all the same thing.
And it's that inspiration that's
inside of us that's either
coming from our own experience,
our own destined words that
come out on the page for
the benefit of other people
and for ourselves, or you've
been inspired by something
you've run into that day--
a person or an environment--
and you just want to share it,
and it just comes through you.
>> There are many ways to
get into the flow state,
and it occurs when we are not
operating from the intellect
any longer, but we're in a
state of openness and surrender
to the present moment.
And so people get
into the flow state
without even knowing it
just, through doing things
that they enjoy.
>> We have to create a
larger space for that part
of ourselves.
So that could be a walk in
nature or meditation or writing
or dance or anything
that gets you
into your most natural state.
>> The language of physical
reality is not words,
is not energy, it's actions.
And when you act on the passion
that the higher mind sends you,
you're demonstrating
to the higher mind
that you heard it, you
understand what it's telling
you, that this is your
next step, follow it,
and you start that
dialogue then,
going between you
and the higher mind.
Because once you're willing to
act on what the higher mind has
already sent you, it will
send you more opportunities
to act on your passion.
If you don't act
on your passion,
the higher mind will
simply not send you
any more opportunities, until
you act what it's already
sent because why should it?
Because you're not acting
on anything, anyway.
So it's a real relationship,
even though it's
another part of you.
Because we've created this
illusion of separation,
you have to develop
this relationship
with your non-physical
higher mind,
pay attention to
the messages that it
sends through the auspices of
excitement, curiosity, passion,
love, creativity, and be willing
to act on it, take that step.
>> As we become more connected
to those from all areas of this
planet, we are reminded that
no matter what shape, size,
or color of skin, all
human bodies are supremely
sophisticated in
design and structure.
As science searches
for answers to explain
the human design and
our physical connection
to the cosmos, there's a
powerful spiritual principle
about the grand design
of the separate forms
in this physical reality.
>> Everything happens
in spirit first.
So anything that's in physical
reality starts with a template
in spirit, so to speak.
Adjustments in that
spiritual template,
when done in a certain
way, will make adjustments
in the physical version of it.
It's as simple as that.
>> As ultimately, spiritual
beings having a human
experience, our perception of
ourselves, as human beings,
is very physical in the
main, and the appearance
of our physical selves seems
to be separate from each other,
separate from our
planetary home,
separate from the
wider universe.
That perception of
separation, as long
as it helps us to have an
Earth experience of joy
of relationship, is wonderful.
It's when we misunderstand that
appearance of individuation
as separation, and in
that sense of separation,
that illusion of
separation, we progressively
cut ourselves off from the
wider nature of reality.
>> Edgar Mitchell
was an engineer.
He was also an Apollo 14
astronaut and the sixth person
to walk on the moon.
He was on his way
home and the capsule
was rotating 360 degrees.
He saw the sun, the
Earth, the stars,
and he was rotating
over and over again,
on his way back to the
beautiful blue planet.
All of a sudden, he went into
this transcendent oneness
state.
Some people call that samadhi.
Edgar was no longer there.
He completely
dissolved into oneness.
Felt that he was
intrinsically connected
to the sun, the moon,
the stars, the Earth,
and that they were
part of him, as well.
This transformative
experience of oneness
hasn't just been
experienced by Edgar.
Many people around
the world have had
these transcendent experiences.
You think about all
the different practices
that incorporate
breathwork, you think
about our physical body and
this idea of little c and big C
consciousness that,
when we're contained
in this physical body, we
feel separate, but somehow,
through meditation to
other altered states
of consciousness, we can
experience that big C
consciousness, where
we are ourselves,
but also, so much
more than ourselves.
>> When we undertake
practices such as mindfulness
or meditation or
just being in nature,
all of those help us to
remember, our innate wholeness,
with the whole of creation,
with the whole of our universe.
>> Ra even says that meditation
is the most helpful practice
to give the adept a foundation
upon which to listen
to the creator.
And so meditation and channeling
are inseparable in that way.
That until one can learn
to quiet the noisy mind
through meditation,
one isn't going
to be able to receive
contact of higher information
that the intellect
may disagree with.
And that's one of the
challenges of channeling
is that, a lot of
what comes through
is completely unknown
to the human mind
or to our conception
of how reality works.
So not only does
there need to be
a lot of stillness in the
mind, but a lot of openness
to be willing to see
reality differently.
And so, I think,
beings who are looking
to contact the human
race at this time
and deliver us
higher consciousness
are needing to find people
who've built this foundation.
So for anyone interested
in channeling,
the absolute,
preliminary prerequisite
would be a meditative practice.
>> And the more we regularly
undertake those practices,
whatever they may be--
I mean, I dance around
the kitchen table to ABBA.
That is my meditation practice.
I grow vegetables, that's
another meditation practice,
but whatever it may be, when
it brings a song to our hearts,
when it literally brings us
into that remembered wholeness,
then that enables us
to not only understand
this emergent perspective of
unified reality, but crucially,
vitally, to experience
it and embody it.
>> We all need to dig in
and open up these abilities,
and it's here and now.
These old Oracle sites that
were shut down, cleared out,
the portals were closed--
OK, we can't really access
that high-level information
in those places, but
we can in this place.
>> So we want you to first,
acknowledge you are channeling.
You are channeling the
miraculous through you
right now.
When you feel love in your
heart, when you extend it
to others who are as you are
in co-creation in each moment,
you are channeling
divine voice through you.
This is what you are doing.
>> The philosophy to me, of
being a channel in the way I
am, is simply that some
people, for whatever reason,
have made an agreement on
some level to bring through
information in this particular
way as a vocal channel.
It is one way of expressing
the art of channeling,
but I want to demystify the idea
so that everyone understands
that this is not some strange,
mysterious phenomenon.
It is something that
is natural to humanity
and really, without even
knowing it, a lot of people
do it when they're in the zone.
>> Different forms of channeling
might require a different
focus, a different dedication.
It just depends on
what you choose to do,
what you're attracted
to, but if you
are attracted to a specific
expression of channeling,
by following it, by acting
on it to the best you can,
it will attract the
synchronicity that
will bring into your life
the elements, the tools,
the techniques, the knowledge,
the information, the people
that need to be there to help
you move forward on that path.
So it's kind of self-expanding,
self-guiding, self-correcting,
and if you just
act on it, that's
what starts the ball rolling.
And the way you apply
that signature frequency
through passion is to act
on your highest excitement
to the best of your
ability, with no insistence
or assumption as to
what the outcome ought
to be, as to what
to come to fruition,
but to allow the synchronicity
in your life to present to you,
the opportunities that contain
that excitement so you can
recognize it because excitement
is the compass needle that
points to your magnetic North.
>> As a dancer flows to the
rhythm of a song or a direct
voice trance channel speaks of
the power of love and unity,
connecting our hearts with
our minds and allowing spirit
in all forms to flow through
us is a natural gift.
>> When a medium or a
trance channeler is getting
into a channeling state, they
usually have to do some kind
of breathwork practice to get
them out of the thinking mind,
out of the identity
of the limited self,
and into the universal self.
>> The trance channeler's mind
and mental capacity is used
as a tool.
So their education, their
vocabulary, the language
they use is the
filter through which,
the channeling comes through.
So this term, the library of the
channeler's mind, denotes that.
Now, can a channeler, when
they're not trance channeling,
be able to access the
psychic reservoir outside
of the library of their mind?
Many people believe
that they can.
There's unique
cases of channeling
where people actually speak a
language that they don't know.
So my language is English.
If I trance channel, I
might be able to speak
French or Spanish or Italian,
when I don't actually know it.
And there's numerous
verified cases of this.
So in that case,
the trance channeler
was going beyond their
library of the mind
to be able to speak
a different language.
I actually asked about
this during our focus group
at Mount Shasta--
how can that be
possible if you're
using the mind as a tool?
The answer was, if the
person had a past life in one
of those countries,
then the memory
of that is actually
in their DNA,
and they're more easily able
to speak in that language.
They also said that there
is a type of channeling
that doesn't go through the
library of the mind, where
it is a complete
incorporation, if you will.
The supposed being, if they
are of a strong enough nature
and high enough frequency,
they just move the body
and communicate without having
to go through the mental.
>> Every time that we went to
Egypt and I started to channel,
I used to say to the people,
what I am channeling is not
the person that is living in
the temple, but the spirit,
the code of the information that
those people have pronounced,
said, and resound between
the walls of that temple.
That, just by opening yourself,
it's like if you are living it
and you are able to become it.
I used to compare
channeling with trying
to be an actor or an actress.
It's like allowing
yourself not to be yourself
so you can allow another
data of someone else
to act through you.
>> As more receive messages
and guidance from the beyond,
will it be love or fear that
leads us through this journey
to share our gifts and powerful
messages to help each other?
>> As you can imagine, making
this transition from being
a teacher of the Bible to a
teacher of extraterrestrial
channeled information was not
a transition that my religious
family and friends
were very privy to.
And it was something that
I knew was inevitable.
That, if I make
this transition, I'm
probably going to lose most
relationships in my life,
but I think, any time we
feel so much inner conflict,
in a way we're living
inauthentically, we become more
and more willing
to take those risks
and to be willing to give
up anything for authenticity
and being in integrity and in
alignment with our own truth.
And so after many
years of wrestling
with that fear of
everyone's going
to hate me call me a heretic,
a cult leader, which they did,
I just decided, there isn't
anything more important
than waking up every
morning with peace of mind
that I'm being true to myself.
I'm following the inner calling
that has been placed upon me,
and although, it was the
toughest decision I've ever
made in my life, it was also,
hands down, the best decision
I've ever made.
>> For the first
time in my life,
my personal and my professional
are aligned in such a beautiful
way.
I'm grateful every single
day for the work that I do.
I feel like I'm so
blessed and lucky to be
able to do this
work and bring it
into the world in
a profound way.
>> Channeling Bashar has
definitely changed my life
in profound ways.
Now, again, not everyone has
to believe that Bashar is real,
but the information
can be proven
to work because he's
delivering it like a kit.
He understands we're
physical, and he
understands we need
practical applications that
work in physical reality.
So he delivers information,
which he sometimes
calls an instruction
manual or the formula,
and when people follow
it as precisely as
possible, with an open
mind, they usually
find that profound changes
will happen in their lives.
And they can prove to themselves
that the information works.
Regardless of
whether it's coming
from an alien entity
or a part of my higher
self or my own subconscious
mind, that doesn't matter.
What matters is that
the information helps
people live better lives.
>> It's very important for us,
at this time in our evolution,
for human beings to understand
that evolution is not just,
about being on planet Earth and
watching things change around
you.
It is about you being able
to access your abilities.
The human being has to
evolve into these higher
levels of consciousness.
The intellect of where we have
been to where we are going
requires us to tap
into our extra senses
so that we're able to move
into a different dynamic
relationship with
everything around us.
Spirituality means that you are
choosing to evolve yourself.
So that is why it's
so important for us
to be inspired and feel amazing
about opening ourselves up
to these knowledges and these
informations and this wisdom
so that we, in our species,
can go higher in our evolution.
So that we can one day, not
have war on planet Earth,
where we understand each other,
appreciate each other no matter
what sex you are, no
matter what color you are,
no matter who you are,
whatever culture you are.
We're not just in
harmony with each other,
but we're in harmony
with the animal kingdom,
we're in harmony
with nature, we're
in harmony with everything,
and at that point in evolution,
that's when other beings will
make themselves known to us.
And they will share
their technology,
and they will share
their resources,
but until then, we have to make
that choice for our maturity
and for our existence.
>> I just invite
anybody and everybody,
who is willing to step on
this path, this adventure,
to realize that we don't
have to have these fine-tuned
sensibilities to be able to
receive and channel at depths.
That may come.
It may not.
It's innate to all of us, but
the degree to which it comes
is unique to all of us.
>> The beautiful thing about
moving through your fears when,
if you do want to connect
and you have reservations,
is that's going to
transfer into your life.
You're going to
become more empowered
in your physical living world,
as well as within this aspect
of the unknown.
And if we're honest
with ourselves,
we are living in the
unknown all the time,
and it's where we
dance with source,
and it's where we create,
and it's how we fall in love,
and it's why we laugh.
So working through those
fears in the metaphysical
is only going to make
your life more expansive.
>> It's the awakening.
It's the shift of consciousness.
The shift of limiting beliefs,
the old ways of being that
have been passed along
generation to generation.
These old foundations, the old
ways of thinking, do not work.
The old structures
and foundations of old
are crumbling away and new will
be formed for a better world,
yet.
>> It's really time for us
to connect together and feel
a part of this
awakening community.
We have to participate
in this bigger picture
and really be part
of this awakening
for ourselves and for humanity.
>> I believe that, that's
why we're all here--
to do just that.
To open up to the greater
us, the greater God self,
if you would, which will help
the whole planet because Theo
says if we recognize who we are,
the divine beings that we are,
we'll have peace on our planet.
That's why we've
chosen to be here now,
in this transformation
of consciousness.
That's why we're seeing
such a greater awakening
because so many people
have an interest in this.
So many people
are having some of
their own personal
experiences of opening,
and they want to understand it.
There are many
parts of our world
that people don't have
access to friends or family
that can believe in what
they're experiencing,
and they're seeking
community, they're
seeking connectivity and
understanding of self.
>> So our message is to
trust, she would say,
your inherent self.
We are saying that your feeling
nature can take you home
to, what you might call,
your euphoria-- yes.
>> Your being is important.
The fact that you are
[NON-ENGLISH] impresses us,
the universe, and that
impression is never lost.
>> Each and every one
has an important role,
an important gift that is unique
to them to share with all,
and now is the time.
No one can do what you can do.
They might do something similar,
but they can't do what you do.
I know that to be true.
We appreciate the
opportunity to serve.
God's love on to you.
Good day.
>> Our deepest
appreciation to all of you,
our deepest gratitude for
the co-creation of this
interaction, our
unconditional love to you all,
and in our own language,
we say, [NON-ENGLISH]..
In service to you.
Good day.